chore: delete handwritten samples (#504)
googleapis/python-speech: samples/snippets/README.rst

Google Cloud Speech API Python Samples
===============================================================================

> The samples for this repository have moved [here](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/tree/main/speech/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The samples for this repository moved to https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/tree/main/speech/
```
